# Discover branches

## Filter by name (with wildcards)
Include: Space-separated list of name patterns to consider. You may use * as a wildcard; for example: master release*
NOTE: this filter will be applied to all branch like things, including change requests

Exclude : Space-separated list of name patterns to ignore even if matched by the includes list. For example: release alpha-* beta-*
NOTE: this filter will be applied to all branch like things, including change requests

## Check out to matching local branch

If given, checkout the revision to build as HEAD on this branch.
If selected, and its value is an empty string or "**", then the branch name is computed from the remote branch without the origin. In that case, a remote branch origin/master will be checked out to a local branch named master, and a remote branch origin/develop/new-feature will be checked out to a local branch named develop/newfeature.

Please note that this has not been tested with submodules


## Clean after checkout
Clean up the workspace after every checkout by deleting all untracked files and directories, including those which are specified in .gitignore. It also resets all tracked files to their versioned state. This ensures that the workspace is in the same state as if you cloned and checked out in a brand-new empty directory, and ensures that your build is not affected by the files generated by the previous build.

## Clean before checkout
Clean up the workspace before every checkout by deleting all untracked files and directories, including those which are specified in .gitignore. It also resets all tracked files to their versioned state. This ensures that the workspace is in the same state as if you cloned and checked out in a brand-new empty directory, and ensures that your build is not affected by the files generated by the previous build.


